This program is a word guessing game written in Python in which the user attempts to guess the secret word by typing in one letter at a time. The user will be able to see the secret word, but the letters will not be in the correct order. If the user guesses the next correct letter in the secret word, the program will output that letter and the game will continue until the user has correctly spelled out the entire word. The object of the game is to find out the secret word in as a few of attempts as possible. The program keeps up with the number of guesses the user has made and will output that number once the word is obtained. 
  At the beginning of the code, I created a dictionary of three words. The program will randomly choose one of those words to be the secret word. To randomly select a word from the dictionary, I used Python's built-in functions called shuffle and pop(). The shuffle function arranges the words in the dictionary in a random order and the pop() function returns the first word in the dictionary. I created another function that will scramble the letters in the word. To do this, I keep the secret word in an array of strings. Each letter in the word takes up a different element of the array. Again, I used the same built-in function to mix up the elements of the array and return the scrambled word. The last function that I created just prints out the letters that the user has guessed correctly. I used the Python method called join to accomplish this. The join method simply takes the correct letters that the user has guessed and prints them to the screen. Once the length of the correct-guesses array is equal to the length of the secret- word array, the game is over. 
